Peptide length additional checks (#75)
nf-core/metapep: CHANGELOG.md

- [#45](https://github.com/nf-core/metapep/pull/45) - Added support for multiple weights tables for one bin (i.e. co-assembly input)
- [#56](https://github.com/nf-core/metapep/pull/56),[#61](https://github.com/nf-core/metapep/pull/61) - Updated documentation
- [#67](https://github.com/nf-core/metapep/pull/67) - Added parameters to adjust binder/non-binder calling. Additional documentation on scoring by `SYPEITHI`, `MHCflurry`and `MHCnuggets`

> - [#70](https://github.com/nf-core/metapep/pull/70),[#75](https://github.com/nf-core/metapep/pull/75) - Added check for supported models and model lengths and functionality to output all supported models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#70](https://github.com/nf-core/metapep/pull/70),[#75](https://github.com/nf-core/metapep/pull/75) - Added check for supported allele and length models and functionality to output all supported models.
```
